#labels Install
==What to do to install DOMinator==

*WARNING:* This is a beta release. Don't install if you don't know what you're doing! If you really want to install it read all the instruction below!

*UPDATE:* there's an open [http://code.google.com/p/dominator/issues/detail?id=4 issue] about using DOMinator under Win 64Bit. If you have windows 64bit it's suggested to use the Linux version in a VM environment.

 # download [ Windows] and/or [ Linux] version of DOMinator (based on FF 3.6.13). If you have a *MacOSX* there no version yet, sorry. 
 # unzip the compressed file
 # Read the README.txt file.
{{{
  a If linux: Enter in the DOMinator directory and launch:
      ./firefox -P DOMinatorProfile -NO-REMOTE 
      this will create a new profile.
  b. if Windows create a link named DOMinator containing 
       ./firefox -P  DOMinatorProfile -NO-REMOTE 
      and double click it.
}}}
 # install at least [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/firebug/versions/?page=1#version-1.6.2 Firebug] (v 1.6.2) (I use also web developer and Firecookie).
 # Install the DOMinator [http://code.google.com/p/dominator/downloads/detail?name=dominator-0.9.0.1.xpi&can=2&q= Extension] (already shipped with the package).
 # open Firebug and set it "On" on any page. 
 # set Enable all Panels on Firebug (or at least the script panel). This is needed for stack trace feature to work.
 # Watch the [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_It469LUFM video] to understand how it works.
 # go for example to http://www.aol.com or http://www.leboncoin.fr/  and see what it says.
 # Remember that since Firefox sets the default profile as the last one, the default one will always be launched using (*all the previous Firefox links must be updated with the -P profile arguments*):
{{{
firefox -P default -NO-REMOTE
}}}
 # Read the [http://code.google.com/p/dominator/downloads/detail?name=DOMinator_Control_Flow.pdf&can=2&q= pdf] document for architecture description.
 # See the issues page for minimal recovering if you did some error.
 # Subscribe to DOMinator Mailing [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dominator-ml List]
As a side note consider that there are still some issues I hope to fix,
like doing some kind of rebranding to solve those -P issues on original
firefox.


If you are curious about the implementation have a look at the diff file.